What is this game:
This is a game of memory build up by a deck of 52 poker card. For any pairs of card with matching
value will count as a match. Each time a click on a unmatched/unselected card will reveal its'
value. If two cards are selected and they are matched, the card will be kept reveal. Else the
two cards will keep displaying until a click on the third unmatched/unselected card. You win the
game by revealing all cards. Then you will be congratulated by "Congratulation!"(Duh what Else
could happen?) and the game will quit in 5 second after. You can also quit the game before you
are complete and receive A SHAME! Well and the game will also quit after 5 seconds.

Does it work?
It works on my computer. Hopefully it will run elsewhere too.

How to run?
Unzip it and cmd python Memory.py

Design Choices:
To be honest, my code is not implement in the best way. I did take in the consideration that
a different deck or different matching rule(does same value different color counts?) can be
applied to the game, so I have a abc class for both deck and rule which provides a guideline
for further changes. Rules should be rather easy to switch, but a different deck requires changes
to the linked images and the process of filling the game's table too.
If given more time, I will try to make an abc for card too so the iteration on cards can go
more smoothly. The game itself also lack a mechanic to check if the input deck is able to be
solved under the given rule, so it might be troublesome for others to change deck unaware of this
fact. Information hiding can be enforced a lot better by a better use of abc.
The connection between the display and the game can also be imporved. Different files
containing different classes is also welcomed.

Choice of tooling
I used python and pygame for the majority of my code. I choice python is mostly due to it's
simplicity. This problem is rather light weight in terms of computing cost and run time is not
desperately needed. Python also has a variety of library to chose from which shrink the development
time. I choice to use pygame is for the same reason, and there is a lot of examples
to reference to on the internet.
